previously on x-men soda
thank you i don't want to be vegan
because it rots the brain
it rots your teeth it makes your hair
fall out and makes you delusional
[Music]
that's right he can't be vegan
because it rots the brain
we all know those people that derive
their confidence
from being a know-it-all
abbas
i have no idea i've even tried to look
this up to find out what it means
and it's still kind of confusing to me
and it makes it really hard to find his
channel but i'll link it in the
description
he actually i've been watching him
lately
and he makes a lot of really great
points he's a very smart guy
i think he's been a vegan for
getting close to you know probably a
decade and
to me i i don't know how old he is maybe
in his 40s or something
he looks well i mean it he looks like
his brain is functioning he looks like
he's
able to you know put on weight and just
maintain his health and whatnot nicotta
avocado
claims he can't be vegan because a vegan
diet
will rot his brain i'm not gloating
i'm not glad about it it's a sad strange
irony
that nicotto is telling you that a vegan
diet will rot his brain
when as it just so happens we know it is
a high cholesterol diet like the one
he's on
that will really impair your brain
function all i'm saying
is that was intellectually dishonest
because there's no scientific evidence
that shows
the closer to zero cholesterol you
intake
the better off your brain function will
be as a matter of fact
it seems to be a lot of the opposite you
could actually
link the three or four claims she makes
against me there
as having something quite peculiar in
comet
self-selected ignorance
intentional obscurity yes she just
she just can't figure out how to
pronounce
the name of my channel you could find
out with one
google search she just can't figure out
what the name of my youtube channel
means you could
find that out with one google search
she just can't find any scientific
evidence that there's a relationship
between dietary cholesterol
and alzheimer's disease between dietary
cholesterol
and cognitive decline loss of brain
function impaired memory impaired brain
fog she just
she just couldn't do the one google
search
to find say one source like the one you
see
on screen now i have the summary on the
right hand side there
past studies found that a high
cholesterol diet
equals the loss of working memory in
mice
these people did some original research
and their study found the same thing
high dietary fats cholesterol elicits
alzheimer's disease like cognitive
impairment
in mice okay let's just uh pretend
this is the only scientific evidence i
have it's actually obvious
even if you just read this abstract that
it's not the only evidence this is just
one more brick in the wall of an
enormous
corpus of scientific evidence on this
topic
but um i'm sorry you accused me of being
intellectually dishonest you made the
claim that there is absolutely no
scientific evidence for my position and
you made that claim i believe
correct me if i'm wrong on the basis of
the fact that you
couldn't be bothered to do a five second
google search
to find the answer this question the
same way you couldn't do a five second
google search
to find out what the meaning of my
channel's name is yeah this is a
recurring pattern all i'm saying is
that was intellectually dishonest
because
there's no scientific evidence that
shows
the closer to zero cholesterol you
intake
the better off your brain function will
be as a matter of fact
it seems to be a lot of the opposite
look guys
um the difference between the modern era
and the dark ages is this it's
just this skeptical open-minded
questioning attitude linked very loosely
and imperfectly
to the scientific method as as
unconvincing
as this evidence i'm presenting you with
on screen might seem like
reading this abstract reading this
scientific study
it might not seem compelling and
convincing to you
in the same way that an anecdote about
your friend
who cured their acne by giving up a
vegan diet and starting to eat chicken
eggs or something oh that that may seem
very emotionally moving it may seem very
convincing it may seem very compelling
but you know that way lies
the road to the dark ages and it's very
important to recognize
that some people here and now in the
21st century
still have that fundamentally irrational
fundamentally magical mentality
and it is that mentality that defined
the dark ages the dark ages didn't end
when somebody turned the lights on the
dark ages
ended when people found it unbelievable
found it impossible to believe all the
things
our ancestors were so willing to believe
you know
things just like this i raise for meat
everything is for meat you've got llamas
you you sell lion meat yes
you sell water buffalo what else do you
have alligator to zebra everything
a to z alligator zebra yes a lot of
exotic meats you're selling armadillo
alligator
you've got guinea fowl you've got llamas
and water buffalo and
ostrich peacocks and peacock
an armored yellow burger i have it
coyote
shish kebab you got yeah i got coyotes i
got bobcats i got a bobcats yeah
i mean you've got hundreds if not
thousands of animals
that you're processing if you don't have
a place for the ostrich beaks
or the the toes or the skulls or the
intestines
you've got mountains of that stuff left
on your farm
our standing orders standing people
lining up out the door
waiting for a bucket of beaks yes as
many i can produce that's fascinating
there's a lot of volume of intestines in
there
and and all the organs for ostrich it's
got to be like
yeah but it is that yes where does that
go that's a lot of stuff you know all
these asian people
they have some medicinal value for that
okay they use that
they use the nails they use the legs
they use the
marrow bone of ostrich for something
from medicine yes ostrich toenail
medicine who is using
patients chinese orientals all
the whole asia did i sell the ostrich
dick penis
you sell an ostrich pizza yes yeah yeah
i sell it for 500 bucks each
but to make a soup lime peanuts i sold
for 10 000 bucks the one chinese guy
bought it
all of these miracle cures you've just
heard about
have anecdotal evidence to support them
not scientific evidence anecdotal
evidence
that guy just mentioned selling a lion's
penis
as a cure he didn't say that anyone came
back
asking for a refund afterwards whoever
it was that paid thousands of dollars
to buy and eat a lion's penis
they thought they were getting their
money's worth
all of these quack remedies
from the dark ages and the new ones that
are being made up
by hippies on the internet every day
it may not be easy to appreciate
what separates them from modern medical
science it may not be easy to appreciate
what differentiates the truth
from a lie but i'll tell you one thing
here on youtube each and every
one of us gets to do the research for
ourselves
we get to share our skepticism we get to
share our doubts
we get to share our findings and that's
why it is so
tremendously important that we have
intellectual integrity here on youtube
there is no plot there are no special
effects
honesty honesty is the only currency
we've got so to that other youtuber who
accused me of lying
who accused me of making claims that
there was just no scientific evidence to
support
i'm going to ask you to delete your
video
in which you claim that i don't have
intellectual integrity
and i think you know why i mean really
people like to disrespect my crew but
the fact is that you know my name and i
don't know
you